Update onboarding docs per #1637 (#1643)
castorini/pyserini: docs/conceptual-framework2.md

Minor detail here: the encoder is designed to work on batches of input, so the actual vector representation is `v2[0]`.

> We can verify that the vector we generated using the encoder is identical to the vector that is stored in the index by computing the L2 norm (which should be a value very close to zero):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can verify that the vector we generated using the encoder is identical to the vector that is stored in the index by computing the L2 norm (which should be almost zero):
```
